hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna show
you a fantasy film the tale of tales in
a kingdom during a circus the king is
happily enjoying the show while the
Queen seems depressed much for that she
cannot conceive a child for the
successor of the kingdom touched by the
actress who displays her pregnancy for
the show the Queen gets very upset and
leaves the show to her palace where she
bursts into anger and makes her place a
total mess up the King has to show her
some comforts and apologies in the
middle of night a necromancer in black
robe pays a visit to the palace he tells
the king and queen that a new life in
nature only comes at the cost of an
existing life meaning that the pregnancy
of the Queen has to be paid by killing a
sea monster in return the Queen can get
pregnant soon after she eats the heart
cut off of the sea monster and cooked by
a virgin so as to fulfill the Queen's
long dwelling dream for a child the king
under with diving suit decides to head
into the deep sea hunting for the sea
monster
the king soon locates the white sea
monster while it's sleeping in the dead
silence sea the King takes the great
chance to stab injure the sea monster by
accident the king has hit badly by its
long tail but he endures the great pains
and draws the white sea monster up to
the beach where the soldiers cut off a
giant heart which is still alive and
beating despite of being separated from
its body however the poor King dies from
his badly wounds the Queen then takes
the heart back to her palace following
what's been told by the necromancer the
Queen orders a virgin maid to cook the
heart for her during the processing the
maid feels ill out of nowhere she's so
frightened to see her belly growing
bigger and bigger the Queen later eats
up the whole heart with an expectation
the next day she bears a son
at the same time the Virgin made also
gives birth to a boy during the funeral
of the dead King Queen seems to only
care about her newly born baby rather
than a tribute the sacrificed King six
years later the baby grows up to be a
handsome prince of the kingdom on the
day he plays hide and seek in the maze
with the Queen he happens to meet his
identical and inseparable friend the son
who's borne by the Virgin made it leave
the maze together which makes the Queen
really upset she orders the soldiers to
search out for the prince
later the Queen warns the maid and her
son to step away from the Prince the
maid has to obey the order
Prince want to challenge his mother to
show some mercy on the poor mate but
he's told poor and humbles are not
allowed to get in touch with the
celebrities in this kingdom which means
that he cannot maintain a friendship
with a maid son again one day night when
the prince is choosing jewelry for the
Queen
she smells some difference from the
Prince who is actually the maid son in
the princes clothes and mistaken by the
Queen when knowing the Queen cannot even
tell the difference out of them both the
Prince feels enlightened and turns to
propose that they makes turns to be the
prince however this is overheard by the
Queen before the Queen breaks into the
room they quickly change back to their
clothes surprisingly the Queen comes
inside but remains silent about their
secrets nevertheless on the way back the
poor boy is attempted with murder by the
Queen but luckily he's hidden safe the
other day when the prince is sitting for
the painting with his mother he sees his
identical friend is leaving the kingdom
and farewelling the family he rushes up
to his friend and asks for why but the
maids son doesn't want to tell the
prince with the attempted murder as a
farewell the boy brings the prince to a
big tree plunging a knife into a tree
root and telling the prince that as long
as the root spouts Clearwater he is
alive and well the prince keeps coming
to check the water and find some day
that the water is clouded with blood the
Prince leaves for the woods to find his
friend immediately the Queen has her
soldiers search for Prince but to no
avail
without any choice
turns to the necromancer for help who
blames the queen and says the two are
truly inseparable and warned her that
her violent desire can only be achieved
through violence on the other side the
maids son is wounded in a cave screaming
for help which arises the princes
attention but the boy is soon threatened
by a monster he tries to hide in an
arrow cave against the monster luckily
before the monster launches its deadly
attack on the boy the prince shows up
and protects his wounded friend with his
own body
the monster hesitates to attack the
prince who takes the chance and kills
the monster the prince finally returns
the poor boy to his home for safe well
back into the cave the monsters corpse
dissolves into that of the Queen it
turns out the Queen chooses to change
into the monster in order to kill the
maid son for the separation but in the
end she gets herself killed by her
violent desire this is Daniel CC movie
review bye